Initialization:
1. Format and partition disk (Formats the disk)
2. Use Toolkit package (what does this step do?) -> Initializes the Zero Touch deployment process. Setting some base variables etc.
3. Check pre-reqs (what does this step do?) -> Checks if your computer is capable of running the ts and complies with minimum requirements. Stops the processing if not
4. Gather (This task sequence step gathers data and processing rules for the target computer ?) -> gathers the information required for the deployment process. This can include static assignment of variables, dynamica evaluation of databases, webservices etc. This step is making your deployment dynamic. See http://blogs.technet.com/benhunter/archive/2007/03/17/understanding-bdd-rule-processing.aspx for a great introduction.

Validation:
1. Validate (checks the min memory, processor speed,Ensure current operating system to be refreshed)
2. Check Bios (This task sequence step checks the basic input/output system (BIOS) of the target computer to ensure that it is compatible with the operating system you are deploying. )

State Capture
1. Capture Groups (This task sequence step captures group membership of local groups that exist on the target computer)
2. Capture Network Settings (This task sequence step gathers the network adapter settings from the target computer. ?) -> It can capture e.g. static IP assignment in refresh scenarios. This step will be ignored if you run a Bare-Metal deployment.

Preinstall -> Meant to run only on new computers, where the Initialization phase did not run. Check the conditions. for this group and the initialization groups
1. Validate ((checks the min memory, processor speed,Ensure current operating system to be refreshed why do it again?)
2. Format and partition disk (Why do this again?)
3. Use Toolkit Package (Why do this again?)

Install
1. Restart to WinPE
2. Use toolkit package (again?) -> Restarted into WinPE so different environment. Need to ensure some initialization happened.
3. Gather (What does it gather and why do this again..?) -> Restarted into WinPE so old environement including all variables is gone. Will not evaluate all rules again, just read the gathered values from a file and populate them into the environment.
4. Request state store (what does this step do?) -> It requests a state store on the SMP
5. Backup (Backup of what?) -> Will create a full backup of your computer (creating a wim of your harddrive) if necessary. Should be disabled on default. I would always put an additional condition on this to not run it on every deployments. Also the whole group this step is in runs only if the Deployment type is "Refresh"
6. Release state store (what does this step do?)-> releasing the state store that has been requested from the SMP
7. Apply Operating System Image

Post Install
1. Apply Windows Settings
2. Apply Network Settings
3. Auto Apply Drivers
4. Configure (what does this step do?) -> Mainly updating the unattend.xml with your dynamic values (Computername, OU, Domain, etc)
5. Setup Windows and config Manager

State Restore
1. Restart computer
2. Use toolkit package (again?) -> Computer has been restarted. Initialize environment.
3. Install Software Updates
4. Gather (Gather what?) -> Computer has been restarted. publish all locally stored values back into the environment.
5. Tattoo (what does this step do?) -> Store some information about the deployment in the Registry to be able to collect them later using SCCM
6. Install Software
7. Restore Groups (what does this step do?) -> Restore any local groups if captured during the "State Capture" phase
8. Move State Store (what does this step do?) -> moves the state store to a "secure" place at the end of the task sequence so it does not get deleted.
9 Copy Logs (what does this step do?) -> it copies some logs (mainly smsts.log) to a network location if configured (need to set the variable SLShare)

Capture the reference machine
1. Prepare ConfiMgr Client
2. Prepare OS (sysprep?) -> Yes
3. Capture the reference machine (Why capture? I just want to deploy a server from the install.wim file we allready have captured. What is the benfits of doing this?) -> This TaskSequence template covers deploying a captured image but also creating this image. This step runs only if the variable DoCapture is set to YES so in most cases it will be ignored. You can safely remove this group if you never use this ts for capturing an image.

Gather Logs and StateStore on Failure -> See this as a Try...Catch block. It will ensure that the state store gets moved to a different location (mostly C:\Windows\Temp) and the logs will be copied to a network folder. It's mainly for error handling and will only execute if the last Action did not succeed. In regard to the "why" it might have happened a reboot (that could even be the cause for the last error) so we need to initialize the environment first.
1. Use Toolkit Package (again? why?)
2. Gather (Gather what and why?)
3. Move state store (what does this step do?)
4. Copy Logs